well I'm running out of room so I don't
really know want to talk about her think
about I've been trying to imagine what
happens you know like little thingies
there you know imagine if you could
become really really small and you'll
find yourself so small you're standing
on an electron but then you get even
smaller and the electron becomes
comparatively as big as the galaxy and
you're standing on this white field
errand and it's just a fraction of 1
billion the size of an electron and say
that this electron is part of you know
some kind of thing in the middle of the
street that gets hit by a car and gets
thrown across the street or something
well it's so far away even if you get
destroyed I mean there's no way you're
gonna realize what's happening there's
no way you're gonna feel the shake well
that's probably no way you're gonna
survive either because the temperature
would probably the equivalent of zero on
the Kelvin scale and well you know
you're probably going to be unable to
breathe because you know the oxygen
particles will be like so big that
there's no way you could take them in
anyway so
you know I was in a shopping mall today
and I visited the toilet and I was
thinking of a story you know in Japan
when you go to public toilet the polite
thing to do is to knock on the door see
if there's someone and so there's this
Japanese guy within the United States
and so he went to public tour knocked on
the door and the guy inside said come in
just gotta be careful anyway so let's
talk about the origin of the universe
imagine this
okay now imagine here we would enlarge
this thing this little space and make it
as big as this textbook okay now so this
this page here well it's probably gonna
be a square like that is this little
thing in there that's zoomed in okay now
say you have right here on the corner
you have a nine and here another nine
another night another nine and nine goes
all the way to the end here and then the
whole thing is filled with nines and you
have a number and so there's probably
gonna be like a million lines in this
little thing and so you make this longer
so it's kind of like a little strip of
paper and you make it longer and as you
make it longer the amount of nines
remain the same and you start stretching
it and stretching and stretching and
stretching it till you're able to pull
it and wrap it around my bottle of rum
but then you start wrapping it and
pulling it and pulling it so much that
you're wrapping it around the earth over
the mountains and the trees and the
buildings and everything and you're
wrapping this little piece of paper over
and over again and so you have the moon
and you're rapping rapping rapping
rapping rapping rapping rapping it goes
over the moon and now you think that
that famous picture of the Hubble Space
Telescope at all the galaxies and think
of the galaxies in that picture that's
the furthest away and that little thin
piece of paper is wrapped so many times
around the earth that
it goes all the way to that furthest
galaxy on the Hubble Space Telescope
picture and so now you have all this
little thing with flow lines written on
it on both sides by the way and so how
many nines are there in total well all
these knives they form a number we're
gonna call it X now imagine that you
have a spaceship that if you have zero
point zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
one and the amount of zeros here would
be equivalent of X to the power of X and
this is a fraction of a second and in
each fraction of a second here that you
have it will travel say Y miles and say
that Y would be the equivalent of you
know X to the power of X and every time
here you reach two and three and four
all the way to though until I get to one
second every time you go up one little
thingy there you adhere to the power of
Y
and why ^ y becomes C so this the speed
at which the spaceship is going is
multiplying and multiplying and
multiplying and imagine this ship
travels for Z amount of years how far is
it gonna be and where what is it gonna
find there if you find yourself and L oh
and a little space that's so small that
to you a neutron is the size of the
galaxy there is no way to know when you
are in the place that small that Darwin
Kotler just one the writing of
mont-royal in the federal elections
because it's too far away and think
about what would this ship see say you
have a camera on the ship and the camera
is so big that the camera is ze Ron a
mile
Ziya miles in diameter that the whole
lens of the camera what kind of picture
would it take what happens the amount of
years ago that I must have existed if
time keeps going forward it must have
kept going backwards as well anyway so
I think I'm gonna go see it now or
something